#summary How to organize endurance races with Cozer

= How to specify race course? =

In `General Information/Race pattern` table column, specify the course using the following pattern:
{{{
<Lap length>/<Race time>
}}}
where lap length should be given in meters and race time in hours.
For example,
{{{
5000/6
}}}
specifies 6h endurance race on 5000m circuit.

= How to resume a race and enable auto save? =

Because of long race time, anything can happen, for instance, a electricity failure or timers computer goes crazy.

To minimize data loss, cozer supports auto saving data during a race. To enable it, in `Timer` page, toggle `Auto Save OFF` button to `Auto Save ON`. As a result, the cozer session will be saved every 30 seconds. Note that when you `Stop` a race, auto save will be disabled. So, after stopping the race, always manually save cozer session using `File/Save` menu.

When you need to resume a race, in `Timer` page, press `Resume` instead of `Start`.

= How to generate intermediate results? =

U.I.M. rules require that intermediate results are posted during a race.

In cozer, everytime you wish to generate a results report, in `Edit Race Record` page you must re-select all class/heat combinations currently running. Then go to `Reports` page and select `Endurance Full Final` as a report type.

= Can I use the same Cozer file for both endurance and circuit races =

No, you cannot. The main reason is that they have different scoring systems and cozer can use only one at the time.